Nowadays computers are becoming intrisic part of our lives.
Since Computers has replaced recent work load w.r.t human and machines, There is so much debate over completely moving to virtual world. 

In opinio I beleive computers are an important part of our life, and has become like an intrisic device without which day to day life seems really impossible 

Firstly, Computers can do multitasking, Which reduces the time of work completion if we compare it with  Human. 
Same task can be done in in more efficient and accurate fashion by machine again and again. 


Secondly, Productive, Computers perform any task more productively in compare to human since there is no hurdles like boredome or taking rest. 
As human we do have such limitations. 

Thirdly, Secure, Computer systems are more secure as it requires a simple password or encryption to store any data in the machine. 
On the other hand This information can be kept there as it is without any  modulation. 
There is no fear of manipulation of such data untill it is been hacked. 


Moreover Computers can store enormous amount of data. Perform various operations on such data. We can get any data related information after a decade as well
 With the help of computers. It reduces cost of libraries and book keeping and human intervetion to secure or store those records. 


In addition to that, Computers in the era of internet changed the perspective towards communication and social life. 
Communication has become very smoothe and clen with the help of computers. 
Socializing with people, groups and commmunities has become way to easy with the help of computers. 

Libraries and digging information in books has become an old fashioned manner since we have any information on hands. 

We can grow and do small business with the help of internet and computers and contribute to society. 

To sum up, I would conclude Computers has made our day to day life easy and reduced work load. On the other hand it has opened various resources and 
options to see the life with a different and new perspective. 