Topic computers and Humans 
Which one is more relevant to work upon ?



Nowadays information is avialable on finger tips due to internet era. 
In today's world we alla very much dependent on internet and computers. 

However reading books and gaining knowledge from has never lost its charm, but getting all the information on the same topic
 in enormous amount has never lost its charm. 

In opinion computers are more important over books and before internet era. 

Firstly, Computers has removed the need for offices and office spaces including this pandemic situation as well. As Internet as become intrinsic part of our life, 

getting any information over the computer is with help of internet is easy and simple. It reduced more manual inervention so does made our day to day job. 

Secondly, Virtual schools and home schools, Due to computers and Internet It has become posssible to attend schools and colleges from computers. 
Apart from that students can gain any knowledge on the asm subject without juggling much in libraries and finding out the relevant person. 


Thirdly, Enormous content, Enormous content related to any start up and business ideas can find out in internet including the concept of information on hands.

Fourthly, Other than education, Offices or our day to day to jobs related to knowledge sharing, computers play a huge and vital role in food orders or hospital services.

Since due to pandemic this has become little tedious to go out and get the things which are enssential for daily needs it is possible to get those things with the help of 

Apps and Internet services. 

Fifithly, Getting connected to entire world, With the help of Internet and computers we can be connected to entire word with various apps like instagram, Facebook
Watsapp. 
Communication has become very cheap and affordable due to internet. 


So I would conclude and sum up computer has become intrinsic part of our day to day life. 
In addition to that knowlwdge gain and Knowledge transfer has become way to easy and subtle with the help of computers. 





