Nowadays people are moving to urban areas and leaving country side. They are choosing quality of life and best options for earning living and spending abetter life. 

However Country side has its own benefits including peace and nature, In my opinion living in urban areas has more advantage over living in country side. 

Firstly, Better infrastructure, Urban areas has better infrastructure like electricity, hospital services, Education institutions. 
While living in urban areas we can access to better life by using amenities related better infrastructure.

Secondly, Education system and various choices, Students can have access to bettert education and they get options to choose from various institutions. 
They can choose from various sunjects as well. While living in Urban areas awareness about the education and various paltform is more so Its easy for the one to make right

Career choices. 


Thirdly, In addition to that, apart from education, If we consider sports there are huge number if options to choose the sport of your choice,practice
to make a career or to earn living. 

Fourthly, Moreover, career choices social life and interactions, In urban areas social life is better than the country side. As in Country side due to limited numb
number of people and limited resources growth subsides, However in Urban areas interaction with various people make easy for one to get knowledge about various 
fields including business. 

Lastly, Various options for enterpreneur ship and business are always welcome in Urban areas. As getting finances for the same easy and ia not bound to limited choices. 

In addition to that social security may help te one get better access to facilities like hospitals and infratructure.


To sum up I woud conclude that life in Urban areas is mauch better and full of oppurtunities due to better facilities. However country side is more relevant for 
choosing nature over growth. Going ahead we should be focused on making urban places close to nature with all the faciities and quality in life. 


Better infrastructure like Electricity, Transportation, Educational institutions.

Various options in terms of career Choices. 
Better social life to network and make connections, which opens up the door for various oppurtunities such as enterpreneurship. 

Number of facilities, in terms of practicing sports and making career in that. 
Social Security 

